Dear Employee, thank you so much for approaching us through our Chat Channel. Please feel free to contact us in future in case of any query. Have a great day.


Dear Employee, we have received your message, let us check & get back to you. Your patience would be highly appreciated.

Dear Employee, we regret the inconvenience you had to face, we have received your message, now you are connected with live assistance & we look forward to serve you better.

.................................ENDING

Dear Employee, Sorry, but it seems like you've been disconnected, we would like to close this chat now. 

Thank you so much for approaching us through our Chat Channel. Please feel free to contact us in future in case of any query. Have a great day.


We must end this conversation before you may use the WhatsApp HR bot menu to check your status. Is it possible for us to close it?


Muazziz Employee, chat channel ke zariye humse raabta karne ka shukriya. Mustaqbil main bhi aap kisi bhi qism ki HR query ki rehnumai kay liye 24/7 hamare chat channel par raabta kar sakty hain.


Muazziz Employee, maazrat chahte hain, mumkin hai ke chat disconnect ho chuki hai, islye chat close ki ja rahi hai. Chat channel ke zariye humse raabta karne ka shukriya. Mustaqbil main bhi aap kisi bhi qism ki HR query ki rehnumai kay liye 24/7 hamare chat channel par raabta kar sakty hain.

................................CLARITY

Dear Employee, could you please more specify about your query?

Dear Employee, kindly clarify your query. What would you like to know?

Dear Employee, what would you like to know about HR related queries?


Dear Employee, kindly clarify/elaborate your query. What would you like to know?


Dear Employee, we are sorry but we can not listen voice notes you can explain your query via text only.


.............................GREETINGS

Dear Employee, are you connected with us?

We are sorry, for inconvenience caused.


Dear Employee, Assalam o Alikum, how may I help you?

Dear Employee, Anything else I can assist you with?

Dear Employee, is there anything else I can assist you with?

Dear Employee, Walaikum Assalam.

..................................WAIT

Dear Employee, please wait let us share details in this regards. Your kind support is required.

Dear Employee, please stay with us. We are still working regarding your query and will get back to you soon. 

Please wait, let us check & get back to you.

Please stay connected with us.

Kindly wait for a moment.

Dear Employee, your patience is highly appreciated in this regard.


Dear Employee, we have guided you as per process which we have but we have raised your query to revalidate it.


Thank you for staying connected with us.

...................................WAIT

Muaziz Employee, please wait kijiyega hum is hawale sai apki jald rehnumaai karte hain.

Muazziz Employee, connected rahiyega please.

Muazziz Employee, connected rehne ka bohat shukriyah.

Muazziz Employee, mazeed koi rehnumaai is kay ilawa?

Dear Employee, thank you for asking. I am fine, what about you?

Dear Employee, thank you for holding on.
......................................

Dear Employee, we are sorry, but we are available here to provide you with assistance regarding any HR-related inquiries. Additionally, you can reach out to our WhatsApp channel at 021-111-225-111 or contact our helpline at 021-111-225-111 for further information on this matter.

Muazziz Employee, yeh channel sirf HR ki queries kay hawale sai hai is hawale sai apse darkhuwast hai kay ap bank Alfalah ki general banking helpline 021-111-225-111 per raabta karen yah whatsapp 021-111-225-111 per apni query raise karen.

..................................
Welcome to "WhatsHR" - a Bank Alfalah WhatsApp Channel to address employee queries. Please type an option number for your desired queries:
1⃣ Employee Benefits💰
2⃣ Taxation, PF & Gratuity♻
3⃣ Staff Account Statements🗞
4⃣ Employee Services💡
5⃣ Payroll Services🔖
6⃣ Rewards & Performance🏆
7⃣ Training & Talent Acquisition📊
8⃣ Welfare Programs📋
9⃣ Health Insurance 🏥
0⃣ Talk to a live agent💬

...........................
Salary Slip:

If you want to inquire about the salary slip related information, it is available in Main Menu of WhatsApp HR BOT.  select option 5 payroll services > then select option 1 of salary account deduction > then select option 3 for salary slip related information 

Right click on Output icon and view the salary slip in new window. You may save the Salary Slip in PDF format.

Provident fund statement

Employees generally receive provident fund statement from Oracle.notification@bankalfalah.com but if you want to get it you may send your request to the below mentioned staff in HR Funds & Taxation Unit:
M Iqbal Ansari (Email: iqbal.a@bankalfalah.com)

Loan :

If you want to inquire about the Loan related information, it is available in Main Menu of WhatsApp HR BOT. Select option 1 of Employee Financial Benefits & then you need to select option 1 of Staff Loans for your desired information.


educational reimbursement

If you want to inquire about the educational reimbursement related information, it is available in Main Menu of WhatsApp HR BOT. Select option 7 of Staff Training & Talent Acquisition & then you need to select option 2 of educational reimbursement for your desired information.


....................................

TAX DEDCUTION ON SALARY

Dear Employee , thank you for holding on tax deduction depends on employee income and salary slab . In this regards we will suggest you to contact the below mentioned contact persons .
M Iqbal Ansari (Email: iqbal.a@bankalfalah.com / IP: 2464)
Asif Iqbal (Email: aiqbal@bankalfalah.com / IP: 7034)
Amir Nazir (Email: amer.nazir@bankalfalah.com / IP: 7034


Dear Employee , tax deduction depends on employee income and salary slab and employee receives fiscal year tax certificate via email from Oracle.notification@bankalfalah.com . In this regards we will suggest you to contact the staff of Taxation unit via email at (Email: iqbal.a@bankalfalah.com )


Dear Employee, the email which you have sent to them now you will have to send at yourhr@bankalfalah.com in this regards as we have shared all relevant contact person details.


Muazziz Employee, ap Oracle HCM sai niche mentioned steps kay zariye PDF main salary slip download kar saktay hain
Login Oracle > Employee Self Services > Select Salary Slip > Select the required month > Submit.

...............................
				
For details, please go to HR Quick Connect to access HR Policy Manual and Employee Benefits.

TRANSFER

Dear Employee, regarding transfer query from department to department you need to take concern of your Line manager and HR business partner they will raise your request regarding transfer subject to availability of vacancies.

......................................
* personal loan can be avail 8 times during entire service and after clearance of dues of previous loan can be applied again means subject to adjustment of the finance,re-avail the finance facility

* conveyance loan can be avail after 3 years subject to adjustment of the finance,
re-avail the finance facility

* hourse loan can be avail 3 times during entire service of bank and can be applied after 7 years subject to adjustment of the finance,
re-avail the finance facility.


..........................YOUR HR

If your loan request is experiencing delays from the employee benefit team, you have the option to address your concern by contacting yourhr@bankalfalah.com.