Dear Employee, thank you for getting in touch. How may I assist you?

Dear Employee,  employee can claim medical insurance reimbursement during notice period 

Gym reimbursement employees cannot claim during notice period.

Medical can be claim from date of joining, till last working day . During notice period employee can claim for medical insurance.

................DEPENDENT

Employee may update their family information via Oracle HCM .

If you have already updated in oracle then you can also send email to  the Employee Insurance team at hcgemployeeinsurance@bankalfalah.com in this regard. 

..................HR RAPID


Dear Employee, you can visit the branch or also you can use RAPID portal to open your Bank account in Bank Alfalah.
For RAPID account, please use the following 
Conventional https://rapid.bankalfalah.com/AlfalahRapidPROD/Home.aspx
Islamic https://rapid.bankalfalah.com/AlfalahRapidPROD/Index.aspx

Further, you can also check the Rapid option is now available in HR Bot menu.
HR BOT Journey: 
1, say HI.
2, Accept terms and conditions.
3, choose option 11 of Bot menu.
4, Get access to URL of Rapid. 



maryam.yaqoob@bankalfalah.com
house loan chat: 468f59a5-a8b6-4040-b3f7-0badb2952826


CHUGTAI 


Bank Alfalah and Chughtai Lab have launched the Blue card, offering employees and their families discounts and services in 71 cities across Pakistan. 

Important points:

•All Permanent and Contractual Staff are eligible.
•Coverage will be provided up to 10 Family members (self & Dependent) 
•Staff benefits team will send these card to relevant Area/ Region in this week, for all BAL users.
•cards start being issued within 7-10 working days.
•Dependents included: Self, spouse, parents, daughter, son, up to maximum of 10 family members (may include brother/sister etc.).
•Addition or deletion not possible of dependent.
•The discount is only applicable to the attached medical & collection centers.


Staff benefits team will send these card to relevant Area/ Region in this week, for all BAL users Within 7-10 working days .

Employees are receiving their blue cards at their offices now a days.


In this regard you can reach out to the staff of the employee benefit team by sending an email to saima.sabahat@bankalfalah.com.


Dear Employee, you can contact on Chughtai Lab’s Helpline 0311 1456789 for blue card request. 

Muaziz Employee, Blue card avail karne kay liay ap Chughtai Lab’s Helpline 0311 1456789 per contact kar saktay hain.

TAX RELIEF

Dear Employee, we have raised the query toward the relevant team of HR regarding it. We would appreciate if you could confirm about it later. Once response received from relevant team, we’ll share same with you, after payroll/salary. We kindly request your patience meantime”.


You may contact following staff in the Employee Benefits team via an email in this regard.
Mr. Ahsan Ansari (Email: ahsanansari@bankalfalah.com)

Name: Majid Ali Soomro
Email: majid.soomro@bankalfalah.com


.........................RAMADAN
Dear Employee, thanks you for contacting us, currently our live agents are not available, Please have the WhatsApp HR operational timings during Ramadan Kareem. 

Monday to Thursday: 9:00 AM to 3:30 PM
Friday: 8:30 AM to 1:00 PM 


..................SALARY

Please note salary slip option will be live again, for all BAL users, in 1-2 working days in Oracle. You may than extract your salary slip accordingly”. 

You may contact following staff in the Payroll unit for salary slip if urgent.
Nawaz Maqsood (Email: Nawaz.maqsood@bankalfalah.com)

...................FESTIVAL

Dear Employee, festival allowance has been paid on dated 26-03-2024 to all staff upto Grade OG-I as per eligibility criteria.


EMPLOYEES WHO ARE NOT ELIGIBLE

Following are the employees who will not be eligible for Festival Allowance (or their Festival Allowance will be on hold as the case may be):
• Those who are currently on Leave without pay
• Those against whom any disciplinary proceedings are in process/pending
• Those who have resigned from Bank’s services and their resignations are in process
• Those whose loan documents are pending
• Those who are eligible for incentive under ASPIRe and other program (where applicable)
* Relationship executive liability sales.


You will have to take concern of staff of HR payroll Unit and reward team via email :
Muhammad Nawaz Maqsood (payroll unit)
nawaz.maqsood@bankalfalah.com
Suhail Ahmed Khan ( HR reward Unit)
suhail.ahmed@bankalfalah.com
................


MUHAMMAD ALI 36253
.................
Lead

Employees can apply for Alfa lead program through the email notification that has been circulated to all employees .

You can also visit the provided link: https://www.bankalfalah.com/careers/career-opportunities.

........................

adc39654-b241-4bec-8759-b7c784040f77 SALARY STRUCTURE


24-hour helpline number of the insurance company is 042-111-234-222 

Bank Alfalah Ltd, 13 Floor Emerald Tower, Clifton Karachi.


fbd84b64-59e3-4091-8316-aceffe1dc55d
house finance urdu

......................SALARY DATE

As per policy employees monthly salary disburse by the end of each month (usually on 26th / 27th of the month).

..............................BONUS

As per reference of HR human capital group email routed on dated 22-02-2024 HR services will remain unavailable through Self Service from Friday, February 23, 2024 (6 pm) till Thursday, February 29, 2024 (6 pm) due to the maintenance of HCG system in Oracle HCM. 

Your line manager is recommendation authority of your bonus and performance rating as bonus has been awarded to those employees whose ratings was in between 3,4 and 5

You may take concern of your line manager in this regards.

........................

LEAVES

Dear Employee, you can select Effective date as 31- 12-2024 in Oracle then overall leaves of the year which has been updated will be reflected there.

You will earn 30 days maximum leaves in a calendar year and every month 2.5 leaves will be addedd.


Unutilized leaves will be allowed to be carried forward at the year-end, with a maximum balance of 45 days. Thereafter, any accumulated balance over & above 45 days will lapse.

Please check it again as we have guided you now complete calculation in case of any query please take concern of your line manager also you may contact staff of HR team via email at nawaz.maqsood@bankalfalah.com


PL Balance Calculation:
Previous Year Remaining Leaves If Any: Maximum 45 remaining PL can be add in a current calendar year.
Current Year Earning: 30 leaves per calendar year.
Per Month Earning: 2.5 per month earning

Per Month Earning (2.5) x 12 months = 30 days leaves earning in a year
Total Updated Leaves = Earned leaves per Year + previous year carry forwarded leaves = 30+45 max = 75 leaves total that can be updated in a year

........................LETTER ERROR


Dear Employee, We regret to inform you that at present, it is not possible to obtain a medical insurance letter through the Whatsapp HR Bot. Rest assured, the matter has already been brought to the attention of the relevant team, who are diligently working towards resolving this issue promptly.

Dear Employee, the medical insurance letter has not been updated in the employee portal yet. In the meantime, employees can continue to utilize the existing letter that is currently accessible in the employee portal.


We have checked and it is not available in employee portal also in this regard please contact staff benefit team or raise your query towards employee insurance unit via email at hcgemployeeinsurance@bankalfalah.com


Please contact staff benefit team or raise your query towards employee insurance unit via email at hcgemployeeinsurance@bankalfalah.com
...................................
INSURANCE LETTER AND DEPENDANTS DETAILS VIA HR BOT:

If you want to get the employee insurance letter and want to check dependents details related information, now it is available in Main Menu of WhatsApp HR BOT.  select option 9 > select required option as mentioned below.
1, Insurance letter
2, Insurance Details
3, Claim status
4, Panel hospital list
5,  Return to main menu

First we will have to close the chat then you can get the letter through Bot can we close this chat?


We apologize for the inconvenience caused, but we would like to inform you that currently, the insurance letter option is unavailable through the Whatsapp HR Bot. Our dedicated team is actively working on resolving this issue and we expect it to be fixed in the near future.
..................
STATUS:

The status of your medical claim can now be checked through the Main Menu of WhatsApp HR BOT. To do so, please follow these steps: select option 9 and then choose the required option from the list below:
1. Insurance letter
2. Insurance Details
3. Claim status
4. Panel hospital list
5. Return to main menu

Additionally, you can also reach out to the staff of the employee benefit team by sending an email to saima.sabahat@bankalfalah.com.


Muazziz Employee, Ap whatsapp HR bot sai medical claim status check kar saktay hain or HR bot per main menu main apko option 9 ko select karna hoga or apna desired option select karna hoga jesay kay niche mentioned kiay gaye hain .
1. Insurance letter
2. Insurance Details
3. Claim status
4. Panel hospital list
5. Return to main menu

Mazeed ap HR employee benefit team sai email per bhi status confirm kar saktay hain is email per saima.sabahat@bankalfalah.com.


............................INSURANCE APP

Dear Employee, kindly create your Alfalah insurance App and add your dependents details there in or email at  hcgemployeeinsurance@bankalfalah.com.  also you can contact Alfalah insurance helpline for confirmation  24-hour helpline number of the insurance company is 042-111-234-222 

login Oracle > click on employee self services >select personal information tab > scroll down the screen and click on dependents and beneficiaries details option.


We regret to inform you that we are unable to provide guidance on the Insurance App issues. For assistance, we recommend reaching out to AIF company. You can contact the insurance company's 24-hour helpline at 042-111-234-222.


Do you want to update the details or just want to check and confirm the details?

First we will have to close the chat then you can get the letter through Bot can we close this chat?


.............................
Dear Employee, regarding obituary announcement you will have to email at hronboarding@bankalfalah.com	


162d9cbf-6710-4007-9fb2-1c96927f0c9e
NON PANEL URDU

Hazrat Wali intercity travel
da04be51-6f6e-4bb3-b46d-2dcbbfceb2bf
043de2fd-1baf-423d-897e-7c332af6e67c

Sheraz Qaisar Shami slcl
Rimsha Sarfraz harassment
Mehwish Yousuf pl

9fcbc7f3-ddf7-4762-95ca-8b5ce7a1635e
urdu house loan
.............................

GRATUITY

For gratuity fund statement request you will have to contact via email at Muhammad Iqbal Ansari
iqbal.a@bankalfalah.com


TAX

Dear Employee, for tax certificate you may contact the following staff of HR taxation Unit by sending an email at:
Muhammad Iqbal Ansari via email at
iqbal.a@bankalfalah.com


...................................
SAME FOR PERSONAL LOAN/ CAR LOAN OR HOME LOAN :

The Employee Benefits team of Human Capital Group is the approving authority of Home Musharka and for home financing you can contact there for loan cancelation request if loan has been approved by your line manager. Same can be shared with staff benefits team on email
Name: Majid Ali Soomro
Email: majid.soomro@bankalfalah.com

If loan is still in line manager bucket so you can take concern of your line manager for house loan request cancelation.

Employee may email for loan cancellation at:
Conveyance Loan :          ahsanansari@bankalfalah.com

House Loan:                       majid.soomro@bankalfalah.com

Personal Loan:                  Ali.Muhammad@bankalfalah.com


..........................
MEDICAL GRADE

Dear Employee, please confirm your Employee Grade so that we can share details about medical benefits to you.


.........................
GREEN ENERGY

Dear Employee, if you want to get details about green enery (solar financing) and for application purpose you can contact at our bank Alfalah general banking helpline 021-111-225-111 as Green financing is dealt by home finance.



Muazziz Employee, solar panel ki details janne kay liay ap hamari helpline 021-111-225-111 yah kareebi branch visit karen kyun kay yeh channel sirf HR policies kay hawale sai hai staff bhi helpline sai hi confirm kar saktay hain

.................................. PDF

Dear Employee, you can go through the attahced PDF file of FAQ'S related to your query in order to get complete details in this regards. 

If there is any other information required related to it so please confirm.

...................

HR POLICY

Dear Employee, for HR policy related information you can go through below mentioned link.

https://hrquickconnect.bankalfalah.com/Policy.aspx

......................
Dear Employee, thank you for holding on. You can update your phone number in HR record through HR Oracle please check below mentioned steps in order to update number.

Login to Oracle> go to employee self services > select personal information header >click on phone number field > then you can check update option

............................
educational

However, for universities related query, any internationally recognized professional exam pertaining to financial industry will only be considered.

.............................

All employees get festival allowance under certain criteria and Festival Allowance will be paid to the employees as and when declared by the Bank’s Management, based on guidelines provided in the respective bonus circular and the Festival Allowance employee receives all staff up to OG-I

Harassment

As per HR policy when an employee genuinely feels that he/she has been subjected to discrimination, victimization, unfair treatment, bullying & harassment, intimidation, or treated unfairly an employee should follow the procedure set out below for bringing his/her complaint to the attention of the Bank’s Management


Imported CAR:

Following are mandatory documents to apply for imported vehicle:
•Request to be raise on HCM/ Oracle
•Valuation report from bank approved valuator
•Registration book
•Token money agreement if not purchase from the dealer

..............................

MEDICAL TOP UP URDU

Agar apki medical limit khatam ho chuki hai to ap additional top-up hospitalization plan ley sakte hain jsiki details niche mentioned hain.
* Self, Spouse & Children limti hai 100,000
* Parents limit hai 75,000
* Maternity Coverage (Normal) limit hai 25,000
* Maternity Coverage (C-Section) limit hai 25,000

Yeh facility continue rahegi available employees kay liay nominal charges PKR.975 per insured per annum or recover hogi 12 equal installments per mahana amount deduct hogi . Rs.81 per insured.



Top-up Plan for Hospitalization: For 2023 top-up plan for the employees as follows.
Hospitalization Limits – Additional Coverage
For * Self, Spouse & Children limit is PKR 100,000
For parent limit is PKR 75,000
For Maternity Coverage (Normal)  limit is PKR 25,000 
For Maternity Coverage (C-Section)  limit is PKR 25,000 

The medical insurane limits include top-up plans for which employees will be charged a nominal fee of PKR 1250 per insured to be recovered on 12 equal monthly installments i.e. PKR 104.
,...........................

Office timings of the Bank are as follows.
These timings may be changed by the Bank’s management to comply with governmental regulations/State Bank of Pakistan.
Monday to Thursday : Office Hours 9:00 a.m. till 5:30 p.m.
(45 minutes break for Prayer / Lunch between
Friday : 9:00 a.m. till 6:00 p.m. (Break for Prayer / Lunch from 1:00 p.m. to 2:30 p.m.)
Saturday : For selected branches 10:00 a.m. till 2:00 p.m. (without any break)
1:00 pm. to 3:00 p.m. on rotation basis)



What is the post retirement contract?

According to Business needs, i.e. shortage of resources, if any, then respective Group, decides for contract renewal of contractual employee (if required after retirement).



ACCOUNT STATMENT 

Dear Employee, you can get your account statement through Alfa App/ internet banking by calling at our helpline 021-111-225-111 also you can raise your request through employee portal.
Login employee portal > go to create new ticket > select staff statements.
	  

For signed and stamped account statement in hard copy form you need to visit your parent branch.

